| Key          | Value                                                                              |
|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | 01/04/2024                                                                         |
| Time:        | 13:45                                                                              |
| Location:    | DW PC1 Cubicle 10                                                                  |
| Chair        | Henno Kruis                                                                        |
| Minute Taker | You Xing Li                                                                        |
| Attendees:   | Roland Vízner, Leonardo Marcuzzi Victor Popdonchev, Tymoteusz Ślepowroński(online) |

# Agenda
- Opening by chair (1 min)
    - Is everyone present?
    - How is everyone doing?
- Announcements by the team (1 min)

- Approval of the agenda (1 min)
    - Does anyone have anything to add?
- Announcements by the TA (2 min)

- Questions for the TA (? min)
- What is meant by editing participants in the backlog and how would we eventually implement it with our project structure?
- Non-functional requirement: User system. Should we change our structure the way we have it now?


- Talking Points: (Brainstorm/ decision-making/ discuss)
    - Are we on track? What has everyone worked on last week? (8 min)
    - Discuss practising for the final presentation, who is going to do what? (5 min)
    - Brainstorm on long-polling (5 min)
    - Plans for next week (5 min)


- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (8 min)
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)


- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? (2 min)
- Closure (1 min)

## Announcements by the Team:
Henno was sick and could therefor not finish an issue
You Xing had a question for the TA 

## Announcements by the TA:
TA Basic requirements need to be passed, look at assignments
Formative self reflection on friday

## Question to TA
Repository freeze when? TA will ask.
Question about user account system in our code. Will this make us instant fail in the project? Or is this alright?
TA will ask lecturer after meeting.

## Talking points:

[//]: # (User account system)
[//]: # (Just remove input part for data)

Changes need to be propagated

YX did flags (languages)
Tymon did expenses functionality
Leonardo did refactoring
Henno did importing events
Roland did transaction testing
Victor did transactions

Presentation may be a bit shark tanky

[//]: # (Participant long polling)
Admin overview will have long polling
Events will have websockets

Sebastion suggested adding additional classes in client to increase test coverage

Presentation is a PASS or FAIL

Keep config file unstaged, because it is now staged and causes complains about conflicts.

## Plans for next week
Improve on accessibility
Work on additional features
Sending emails works
Detailed exepenses works
Tymon works on summed expensens

YX - Front-end emails and participant functionality
Tymon - Expenses refactoring
Leonardo - Admin page fix
Henno - Statistics
Roland - Front end testing
Victor - Refactor transactions and add participant entity
