| Key          | Value                                                           |
|--------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | 19/2/2024                                                       |
| Time:        | 13:45                                                           |
| Location:    | DW PC1 Cubicle 10                                               |
| Chair        | Viktor Popdonchev                                               |
| Minute Taker | Leonardo Marcuzzi                                               |
| Attendees:   | Roland Vízner, Tymoteusz Ślepowroński, Henno Kruis, You Xing Li |

# Agenda
- Opening by chair (1 min)
    - Is everyone present?
    - How is everyone doing?
    - How did the exam week go?
- Announcements by the team (1 min)

_If there is some underperforming or any personal issues, informs as early as possible._

_Leonardo won't be available next week but will be available online._

- Approval of the agenda (1 min)
    - Does anyone have anything to add?
- Announcements by the TA (2 min)

_Buddycheck is out, no repair, make sure to follow directions for endterm buddycheck_

_Technology feedback is coming out today_

_Availability for exams 16 18 19 of April to be given to TA_

- Present project changes (3 min)

_Events are now visible in the demo_

_There is a draft for languages_

_Expenses business logic is about to be ready_

- Questions for the TA (5 min):
    - Buddycheck feedback

_Having a AID on the how to improve section_

_On the strengths, follow the TIP rubric_

- Technology feedback

_Template for MRs_

_Less commits_

_More discussion on bigger MRs_

- To what extent do we need to implement WebSockets?

_We need WebSockets at least in one place, to show we have used them_

- Talking Points: (Brainstorm/ decision-making/ discuss)
    - Are we on track? (2 min)

_We are going pretty fine but slowed on midterm week_

- What do we have left from the basic requirements? (5 min)

_WebSockets, Transactions, stuff from week 5, accessibility_  

- When do we want to finish them? (3 min)

_Maybe the basics this week, but realistically work on them for many weeks_  

- Plan tasks for next week(5 min)

_For the responsive design, we should look into the rubric_

_We will finish our issues that we didn't finish in week 5_

_We can try to distribute the remaining work this week_

_We should have different users having different config files_

_WebSockets should be used for adding events_

- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (8 min)
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)

_Even if we finish before the time, it's fine if we covered all of the material_

- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? (2 min)
- Closure (1 min)