| Key          | Value                                                      |
|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | 26/03/2024                                                 |
| Time:        | 13:45                                                      |
| Location:    | DW PC1 Cubicle 10                                          |
| Chair        | Tymoteusz Ślepowroński                                     |
| Minute Taker | Viktor Popdonchev                                          |
| Attendees:   | Roland Vízner, Leonardo Marcuzzi, Henno Kruis, You Xing Li |

# Agenda
- Opening by chair (1 min)
    - Is everyone present?
    - How is everyone doing?
- Announcements by the team (1 min)

- Approval of the agenda (1 min)
    - Does anyone have anything to add?
- Announcements by the TA (2 min)



- Talking Points: (Brainstorm/ decision-making/ discuss)
    - Are we on track? What has everyone done? (5 min)
    - Discuss function of the commons component and dependencies between client and server. Consequently, discuss whether to use DTOs   or entities (8 min)
    - Discuss where to add the button for opening admin overview and assign an issue (2 min)
    - Brainstorm on websockets (5 min)
    - Plans for next week (5 min)

  
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (8 min)
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)


- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? (2 min)
- Closure (1 min)

## Announcements by the Team:
- tym is online next week
- henno couldn't finish his issues last week - add an endpoint for restoring
- tym couldn't finish expense functionality
- check for existing information in server
- participants instead of users? - no

## Announcements by the TA:
- hci feedback - add color
- testing assignment - by the end of the day
- check your emails

## Talking points:
- sub-branch problem - will see it after the meeting
- expenses functionality, json dumping and transactions functionality haven't been finished last week
- move dtos to commons - think about when to implement the changes?
- create admin redirect (icon) in the event overview
- create web sockets for events, expenses, participants, transactions
- long-polling remains an issue
- event-deleted exception?
- assign someone for accessibility (admin page is almost done)
- create most of the front-end this week
- finish basic requirements
- remove hardcoded ids


